Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're in our class.
We can create as many instances as we want from our class.
So let's create a second book called your book.
So here we go.
So your book
equals book and let's give it some different names so let's say I'm it's the it's The Everything Store
and I'm just looking for it now on my bookshelf.
And OK here we go so we have The Everything Store.
Here we go.
There is its name.
Then we have its price let's say 999
that's an integer nine point nine.
Sorry that's a float.
Nine point nine nine because as a decimal place and then the publisher and I just just keep it in gonna
say Virgen books because I can't remember who publishes it.
And from that distance from my bookshelf I can see it.
So there we go.
We have created your book now.
How do we call that.
Well like we did previous lecture we just go back to calling our method.
So your book and let's call it and let's say you're reading a hard back book.
So your book does hardback brackets.
There we go.
The Everything Store is a hardback book.
So even if we use the same name price and polish for the second book it will still create a separate
instance from the book class.
You can make as many instances from the one class you need as long as you give each instance a unique
variable name or as long as it occupies a unique spot in a list or dictionary.
So as you can see very easy to create instances and then very easy to call the methods for those interested
within her code.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.